.nh
.TH "BB" "1" "Feb 2026" "bb" ""

.SH NAME
bb-fix - Inspect repositories and apply context-aware fixes.


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBbb fix [project] [action] [flags]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
Inspect repositories and apply context-aware fixes.


.SH OPTIONS
\fB--ai-message\fP[=false]
	Generate commit message with Lumen for commit-producing fix actions.

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP[=false]
	help for fix

.PP
\fB--include-catalog\fP=[]
	Limit scope to selected catalogs (repeatable).

.PP
\fB--message\fP=""
	Commit message for stage-commit-push/publish-new-branch/checkpoint-then-sync actions (or 'auto' for configured empty-message behavior).

.PP
\fB--no-refresh\fP[=false]
	Use current machine snapshot without running a refresh scan first.

.PP
\fB--publish-branch\fP=""
	Target branch name for publish-new-branch or optional publish-to-new-branch flows.

.PP
\fB--return-to-original-sync\fP[=false]
	After publish-new-branch, switch back to the original branch and run pull --ff-only.

.PP
\fB--sync-strategy\fP="rebase"
	Sync strategy for sync-with-upstream and pre-push validation (rebase|merge).


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
\fB-q\fP, \fB--quiet\fP[=false]
	Suppress verbose bb logs.


.SH INTERACTIVE MODE NOTES
\fBbb fix\fP list mode renders a compact bordered title (\fBbb fix · Interactive remediation for unsyncable repositories\fP) and a compact selected-repo details line to reduce vertical space usage.

.PP
Busy list-mode states recolor the full primary border consistently, including the titled top edge.

.PP
Selected-repo metadata wraps on segment separators (\fB · \fP) so labels stay attached to values.

.PP
In list mode, \fBenter\fP runs selected fixes; when none are selected, it runs the currently browsed fix for the selected repo.

.PP
List ordering is by catalog (default first), then state tier: \fBfixable\fP, \fBunsyncable\fP, \fBnot cloned\fP, \fBsyncable\fP, \fBignored\fP.

.PP
Repositories marked with \fBclone_required\fP are shown as \fBnot cloned\fP.


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBbb(1)\fP
